# The Carpentries Long-Term Impact Survey
2022-06-30

----------------

### Welcome screen 
_*The Carpentries Long-Term Impact Survey*_

*Privacy Policy*
We are collecting and processing personal data collected with this form in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

*Consent*
You are not required to take this survey to participate in our training. You may quit the survey at any time or skip any question.


-----------

### I consent to taking this survey. *

   - yes
   - no

### I am 18 years of age or above. *

   - yes
   - no

### This is my first time taking this survey. *

   - yes
   - no

### What is your current occupation/career stage?  

- Administrative Staff 
- Analyst 
- Commercial Software Developer 
- Faculty 
- Government Employee 
- Graduate Student 
- Industry Employee 
- Librarian or Archivist 
- Management 
- Postdoctoral Researcher 
- Research Staff (including Research Programmer) 
- Retired or Not Employed 
- Support Staff (including Technical Support) 
- Undergraduate Student 
- Other (open text) 

### Please indicate your relevant fields or disciplines.  

- Agricultural or Environmental Sciences 
- Biomedical or Health Sciences 
- Chemistry 
- Civil, Mechanical, Chemical, or Nuclear Engineering 
- Computer Science or Electrical Engineering 
- Earth Sciences 
- Economics or Business 
- Education 
- Genetics, Genomics, or Bioinformatics 
- High Performance Computing 
- Humanities 
- Library and Information Science 
- Life Sciences 
- Mathematics or Statistics 
- Medicine 
- Organismal Biology (Ecology, Botany, Zoology, Microbiology, etc.) 
- Physical Sciences 
- Planetary Sciences (Geology, Climatology, Oceanography, etc.) 
- Psychology or Neuroscience 
- Social Sciences 
- Space Sciences 
- Other (open text) 

### How many Carpentries (Software, Data, Library) workshops have you completed as a learner? 

- 1 
- 2 
- 3+ 

### How long ago did you last complete a Carpentries workshop? 

- 0-6 months ago 
- 6 months - 1 year ago 
- More than 1 year ago 

### Which Carpentries workshop did you last attend? 

- Data Carpentry 
- Library Carpentry 
- Software Carpentry 
- I don't know. 

### Please tell us the location of the workshop you last attended. 

(short text answer)

### Was the last workshop you attended held in-person or online? 

- In-person 
- Online 

### What content was covered at the last Carpentries workshop you attended? Select all that apply. 

- Cloud Computing 
- Git 
- MATLAB 
- Mercurial 
- OpenRefine 
- Python 
- R 
- Spreadsheets 
- SQL 
- Unix Shell 
- I don't remember. 
- Other (open text) 

### Which of the following behaviors have you adopted as a result of attending a Carpentries workshop? Check all that apply. 

- Improving data management and project organization. 
- Developing a data management and analysis plan. 
- Using databases, scripts and queries to manage large data sets. 
- Transforming step-by-step workflows into scripts or functions. 
- Using programming languages like R or Python, or the command line to automate repetitive tasks. 
- Reusing code. 
- Using version control to manage code.Using version control to collaborate online (in public or private repositories). 
- Sharing code or data publicly on places like GitHub or FigShare. 
- Other (open text) 

### Before attending a Carpentries workshop, how often did you use programming languages (R, Python, etc.), databases (Access, SQL, etc.), version control software and/or the shell? 

- I had not been using tools like these. 
- Less than once per year. 
- Several times per year. 
- Monthly. 
- Weekly. 
- Daily. 

### Since attending a Carpentries workshop, how often do you currently use programming languages (R, Python, etc.), databases (Access, SQL, etc.), version control software and/or the shell? 

- I have not been using tools like these. 
- Less than once per year. 
- Several times per year. 
- Monthly. 
- Weekly. 
- Daily. 
- Other (open text) 

### How would you rate your change in confidence in the tools that were covered during your Carpentries workshop(s) compared to before the workshop? 

- I'm more confident now. 
- I'm equally confident now. 
- I'm less confident now. 
- Other (open text) 

### If you are using the tools you learned in a Carpentries workshop, how are they helping you? Check all that apply. 

- They are improving my overall efficiency. 
- They are improving my ability to analyze data. 
- They are improving my ability to manage data. 
- The tools I learned have not helped me with my work. 
- I am not using the tools I learned. 
- Other (open text) 

### Has attending a Carpentries workshop contributed to your writing of a research article, thesis, dissertation, or grant proposal? 

- Yes. 
- No. 
- I am not sure. 

### If you answered yes to question 16, please tell us how attending a Carpentries workshop contributed to your research writing. 

(long text answer)

### What topics could we offer that would motivate you to take another Carpentries workshop? Please describe below. 

(long text answer)

### The statements below reflect ways in which attending a Carpentries workshop may have impacted you. Please indicate your level of agreement with these statements.

#### I have used skills I learned at the workshop to advance my career.  
<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Strongly disagree </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Neutral </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Strongly agree </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 1 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 2 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 3 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 4 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 5 </td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

#### I have been motivated to seek more knowledge about the tools I learned at the workshop.  
<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Strongly disagree </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Neutral </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Strongly agree </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 1 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 2 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 3 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 4 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 5 </td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

#### I have made my analyses more reproducible as a result of completing the workshop.  
<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Strongly disagree </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Neutral </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Strongly agree </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 1 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 2 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 3 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 4 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 5 </td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

#### I have received professional recognition for my work as a result of using the tools I learned at the workshop.  
<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Strongly disagree </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Neutral </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Strongly agree </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 1 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 2 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 3 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 4 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 5 </td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

#### I have improved my coding practices as a result of completing the workshop.  
<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Strongly disagree </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Neutral </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Strongly agree </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 1 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 2 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 3 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 4 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 5 </td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

#### My research productivity has improved as a result of completing the workshop.  
<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Strongly disagree </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Neutral </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Strongly agree </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 1 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 2 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 3 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 4 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 5 </td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

#### I have gained confidence in working with data as a result of completing the workshop.  
<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Strongly disagree </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Neutral </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Strongly agree </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 1 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 2 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 3 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 4 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 5 </td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Please tell us the most important way you were impacted as a result of attending a Carpentries workshop. 

(short text answer)

### Please indicate your involvement in the Carpentries community since attending a Carpentries workshop. Check all that apply. 

- Subscribed to the newsletter. 
- Attended at least one community discussion. 
- Became a workshop helper. 
- Became a Carpentry instructor. 
- Joined a committee or task force. 
- Joined a mentoring group. 
- Participated in a Twitter chat. 
- Contributed to a Carpentries lesson. 
- Other (open text) 

### Which of the following learning activities (for data management and analysis) have you participated in since attending a Carpentries workshop? Check all that apply. 

- Participated in an in-person short course. 
- Participated in an online short course. 
- Participated in a Meetup. 
- Participated in a semester long course. 
- Used self-guided Carpentries lesson material. 
- Used non-Carpentries self-guided material. 
- Other (open text) 

### Have you recommended a Carpentries workshop to a friend or colleague? 

- Yes 
- No 
- I don't remember. 

### How likely are you to recommend a Carpentries workshop to a friend or colleague?  
<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
   <th style="text-align:center;">  </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Not at all likely </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Neutral </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;">  </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> Extremely likely </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 1 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 2 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 3 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 4 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 5 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 6 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 7 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 8 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 9 </td>
   <td style="text-align:center;"> 10 </td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### OPTIONAL: Please tell us two outcomes you accomplished as a result of attending a Carpentries workshop. 

(long text answer)

### OPTIONAL: If you are not applying the skills you learned at a Carpentries workshop in your work, please tell us why. 

(long text answer)

### OPTIONAL: If you would like to make additional comments about your Carpentries workshop experience, or ways you've used the tools you learned in a Carpentries workshop, please comment below. 

(long text answer)

### In what country is your workshop being held?  *

- Afghanistan 
- Albania 
- Algeria 
- Andorra 
- Angola 
- Antigua and Barbuda 
- Argentina 
- Armenia 
- Australia 
- Austria 
- Azerbaijan 
- The Bahamas 
- Bahrain 
- Bangladesh 
- Barbados 
- Belarus 
- Belgium 
- Belize 
- Benin 
- Bhutan 
- Bolivia 
- Bosnia and Herzegovina 
- Botswana 
- Brazil 
- Brunei 
- Bulgaria 
- Burkina Faso 
- Burundi 
- Cabo Verde 
- Cambodia 
- Cameroon 
- Canada 
- Central African Republic 
- Chad 
- Chile 
- China 
- Colombia 
- Comoros 
- Congo, Democratic Republic of the 
- Congo, Republic of the 
- Costa Rica 
- Côte d’Ivoire 
- Croatia 
- Cuba 
- Cyprus 
- Czech Republic 
- Denmark 
- Djibouti 
- Dominica 
- Dominican Republic 
- East Timor (Timor-Leste) 
- Ecuador 
- Egypt 
- El Salvador 
- Equatorial Guinea 
- Eritrea 
- Estonia 
- Ethiopia 
- Fiji 
- Finland 
- France 
- Gabon 
- The Gambia 
- Georgia 
- Germany 
- Ghana 
- Greece 
- Grenada 
- Guatemala 
- Guinea 
- Guinea-Bissau 
- Guyana 
- Haiti 
- Honduras 
- Hungary 
- Iceland 
- India 
- Indonesia 
- Iran 
- Iraq 
- Ireland 
- Israel 
- Italy 
- Jamaica 
- Japan 
- Jordan 
- Kazakhstan 
- Kenya 
- Kiribati 
- Korea, North 
- Korea, South 
- Kosovo 
- Kuwait 
- Kyrgyzstan 
- Laos 
- Latvia 
- Lebanon 
- Lesotho 
- Liberia 
- Libya 
- Liechtenstein 
- Lithuania 
- Luxembourg 
- Macedonia 
- Madagascar 
- Malawi 
- Malaysia 
- Maldives 
- Mali 
- Malta 
- Marshall Islands 
- Mauritania 
- Mauritius 
- Mexico 
- Micronesia, Federated States of 
- Moldova 
- Monaco 
- Mongolia 
- Montenegro 
- Morocco 
- Mozambique 
- Myanmar (Burma) 
- Namibia 
- Nauru 
- Nepal 
- Netherlands 
- New Zealand 
- Nicaragua 
- Niger 
- Nigeria 
- Norway 
- Oman 
- Pakistan 
- Palau 
- Panama 
- Papua New Guinea 
- Paraguay 
- Peru 
- Philippines 
- Poland 
- Portugal 
- Puerto Rico 
- Qatar 
- Romania 
- Russia 
- Rwanda 
- Saint Kitts and Nevis 
- Saint Lucia 
- Saint Vincent and the Grenadines 
- Samoa 
- San Marino 
- Sao Tome and Principe 
- Saudi Arabia 
- Senegal 
- Serbia 
- Seychelles 
- Sierra Leone 
- Singapore 
- Slovakia 
- Slovenia 
- Solomon Islands 
- Somalia 
- South Africa 
- Spain 
- Sri Lanka 
- Sudan 
- Sudan, South 
- Suriname 
- Swaziland 
- Sweden 
- Switzerland 
- Syria 
- Taiwan 
- Tajikistan 
- Tanzania 
- Thailand 
- Togo 
- Tonga 
- Trinidad and Tobago 
- Tunisia 
- Turkey 
- Turkmenistan 
- Tuvalu 
- Uganda 
- Ukraine 
- United Arab Emirates 
- United Kingdom 
- United States 
- Uruguay 
- Uzbekistan 
- Vanuatu 
- Vatican City 
- Venezuela 
- Vietnam 
- Yemen 
- Zambia 
- Zimbabwe 

### *Demographic Questions* Thank you very much for participating in this survey.  We appreciate your input, which will help us to create a diverse, inclusive and welcoming event.   The Carpentries seek to promote a scientific computing community that is an inclusive and welcoming environment for all. In order to further this goal, we hope to understand the makeup of the community and the experiences of individuals within it. The data from this survey will help us to assess the diversity of our community.

### To which gender identity do you most identify? 

- Female 
- Gender variant/non-conforming 
- Male 
- Prefer not to answer 
- Other (open text) 

### How would you describe yourself? Check all that apply. 

- American Indian or Alaska Native (Having origins in any of the original peoples of North and South America (including Central America), and who maintains a tribal affiliation or community attachment.) 
- Asian (Having origins in any of the original peoples of the Far East, Southeast Asia, or the Indian subcontinent including, for example, Cambodia, China, India, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, Indonesia, the Philippine Islands, Thailand, and Vietnam.) 
- Black or African American (Having origins in any of the Black racial groups of Africa – includes Caribbean Islanders and others of African origin.) 
- Hispanic or Latino(a) (A person of Spanish-speaking origin or ancestry and/or Latin American origin or ancestry – includes Portuguese and Brazilians.) 
- Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (Having origins in any of the original peoples of Hawaii, Guam, Samoa, or other Pacific Islands.) 
- White (Having origins in any of the original peoples of Europe, the Middle East, or North Africa.) 
- I prefer not to say. 
- Other (open text) 

-----------

### Thank you screen 
Thank you for completing this survey. Be sure to check out our blog on www.carpentries.org, and follow @thecarpentries on Twitter.